Add documentation for changing the helm repo for ingress nginx addon. (#127)
syseleven/grav-docs-metakube: pages/04.tutorials/30.how-to-update-ingress-addon-to-ingress-nginx/default.en.md

---

> title: 'How to use the proxy protocol'

Reviewer: The title is probably a copy&paste error?

published: true
date: '27-08-2020 14:26'
taxonomy:
    tag:
        - metakube
        - kubernetes
        - ingress
        - nginx
        - helm
---

## Why the new `ingress-nginx` helm chart repository?

> As of August 2020, in an effort to move out of a central repository for heml charts, the nginx ingress controller developers moved out of the ["stable" central repository](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/nginx-ingress) and deprecated this repository in favour of [`ingress-nginx`](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/nginx-ingress).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of August 2020, in an effort to move out of a central repository for helm charts, the nginx ingress controller developers moved out of the ["stable" central repository](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/nginx-ingress) and deprecated this repository in favor of [`ingress-nginx`](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/nginx-ingress).
```

> The development of the chart will be closer to the development of the ingress controller code, delivering more agility on updats of importante features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development of the chart will be closer to the development of the ingress controller code, delivering more agility on updats of important features.
```

## Why do you need manual intervetion?

Manual intervention is needed because changing the helm repository from `stable/nginx-ingress` to `ingress-nginx/ingress-nginx` will override existing components on the helm chart by new ones, especially the load balancer service used by the controller. This will cause the ExternalIP of the load balancer to change, then probably you'll need to change your DNS entries.

> 

Reviewer: I would add a prominent banner here (Markdown syntax is `! foo` that states that there will be a short downtime of the ingress and the customer should do this at an appropriate time.

> We delivered an interface to make the changes needed easier using our dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide an interface to make the required changes easier using our dashboard.
```

> ## Step by step process

Reviewer: At the end of this section I would add something like "Please don't hesitate to reach out to our support if you have any questions or encounter any problems.

### Change the Helm Chart Repository on the addon ingress options

> Click on the _Add-Ons_ tab of your cluster dashboard. Then click on _nginx Ingress Controller_ card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the _Add-Ons_ tab of your cluster dashboard. Then click on the _nginx Ingress Controller_ card.
```

Change the option for _Helm Chart Repository_ to _`https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx (ingress-nginx)`_ as show in the screenshot below.

![Update Helm Chart Repository](update-ingress-helm-repo.png)

### Wait for components to be replaced

With kubectl connected to your cluster, run:

```bash
kubectl get svc -n syseleven-ingress --watch

```

Wait for the load-balancer 'syseleven-ingress-ingress-nginx-controller' to update the ExternalIP.

> ### Change your DNS entries to point to the ExternalIP of the new Load Balancer

Reviewer: I think there is content missing in this section. I would also mention that external-dns can take care of this, if it is deployed in the cluster.
